https://www.ebay.com/itm/255198905833?_trkparms=5373%3A0%7C5374%3AFeatured
Samsung Galaxy A20 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone - Very Good 887276368696 | eBay Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Back to home page |Listed in category: Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones > See more Samsung Galaxy A20 SM-A205U - 32 GB - Black (U... Email to friends Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab Add to Watchlist | Picture Information Image not available Photos not available for this variation Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge Hover to zoom X Samsung Galaxy A20 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone - Very Good Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. Sell now - Upgrading? Sell it, don't trade it. Shop with confidence eBay Money Back Guarantee Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Learn more- eBay Money Back Guarantee - opens in a new window or tab Seller information cellfeee (59908 ) 98.7% Positive feedback Save this Seller Contact seller Visit store See other items More... See all cellfeee has no other items for sale. Details about Samsung Galaxy A20 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone - Very Good FREE 2 DAY SHIPPING 14 sold in last 24 hours 86 product ratings 4.6 average based on 86 product ratings 5 5 Stars, 66 product ratings 66 4 4 Stars, 14 product ratings 14 3 3 Stars, 3 product ratings 3 2 2 Stars, 1 product rating 1 1 1 Stars, 2 product ratings 2 Good value Long battery life Small form factor See all 70 reviews Samsung Galaxy A20 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone - Very Good Item Information Condition: Very Good - Refurbished “This SAMSUNG GALAXY A20 (2019) A205U is in Very Good condition and has been determined fully ” ... Read more Quantity: Limited quantity available / 61 sold Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less Please enter a quantity of 1 Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer Please enter quantity of 1 or more Please enter a lower number Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$ You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$ Price: US $107.99 List price Was: $299.00 What does this price mean? Recent sales price provided by the seller save $191.01 (63% off) No Interest if paid in full in 6 mo on $99+Opens in a new window or tab*No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+. Adding to your cart The item you've selected was not added to your cart. Add to cart Add to Watchlist Unwatch Watch list is full 61 sold 128 watchers Shipping: Does not ship to Canada | See details Located in: Astoria, New York, United States Import charges: (amount confirmed at checkout) To be provided at checkout Shipping help - opens a layer This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab No additional import charges on delivery Delivery: Varies Returns: Seller does not accept returns | See details Payments: *No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on $99+. | Loading... An error occurred, please try again. See terms and apply now Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More- opens in a new window or tab Add to cart to save with this special offer If you Buy It Now, you'll only be purchasing this item. If you'd like to get the additional items you've selected to qualify for this offer, close this window and add these items to your cart. Buy only this item Close this window Report item - opens in a new window or tab Description Shipping and payments eBay item number: 255198905833 Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing. Last updated on Nov 29, 2021 21:02:15 PST View all revisions Item specifics Condition: Very Good - Refurbished: The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a one year warranty. It is fully functional and has been professionally refurbished, inspected and cleaned to very good condition by qualified sellers. The item includes original or new accessories and will come in new generic packaging. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitionsopens in a new window or tab Seller Notes: “This SAMSUNG GALAXY A20 (2019) A205U is in Very Good condition and has been determined fully functional by our industry-leading functionality inspection. It will show signs of wear like scratches, scuffs, and minor nicks on the screen or body. This item will NOT come in its original packaging but will include a certified cable and UL approved power adapter. Headsets, SIM card and manual are NOT included. This SAMSUNG GALAXY A20 (2019) A205U is fully functional with all carrier networks. It does not come with a SIM card, you will need to get one from your carrier of choice.” Lock Status: Network Unlocked Contract: Without Contract UPC: 0887276368696 EAN: 0887276368696 Processor: Octa Core Screen Size: 6.4 in Color: Black Memory Card Type: MicroSD MPN: SM-A205UZKAXAA Model Number: Sm-A205u SIM Card Slot: Single SIM Brand: Samsung Network: Unlocked Model: Samsung Galaxy A20 Connectivity: USB Type-C, Bluetooth, 4G, Wi-Fi Style: Bar Operating System: Android Features: Dual Rear Cameras Storage Capacity: 32 GB Camera Resolution: 5.0 MP RAM: 3 GB About this product Product Identifiers Brand Samsung MPN SM-A205UZKAXAA UPC 0887276368696 Model Samsung Galaxy A20 eBay Product ID (ePID) 7034675726 Product Key Features SIM Card Slot Single SIM Network Unlocked Operating System Android Storage Capacity 32 GB Color Black Model Number Sm-A205u Connectivity USB Type-C, Bluetooth, 4G, Wi-Fi Processor Octa Core Style Bar Features Dual Rear Cameras Camera Resolution 5.0 MP Screen Size 6.4 in Memory Card Type MicroSD RAM 3 GB Additional Product Features Manufacturer Color Black Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing. Shipping and handling The seller has not specified a shipping method to Canada. Contact the seller- opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location. Shipping cost cannot be calculated. Please enter a valid ZIP Code. Item location: Astoria, New York, United States Shipping to: United States Excludes: Alaska/Hawaii, APO/FPO, US Protectorates, Africa, Asia, Central America and Caribbean, Europe, Middle East, Greenland, Canada, Mexico, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Bermuda, Oceania, Southeast Asia, South America No additional import charges at delivery! This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more- opens in a new window or tab Quantity: Change country: -Select- United States There are 222 items available. Please enter a number less than or equal to 222. Select a valid country. ZIP Code: Please enter a valid ZIP Code. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code. This item does not ship to Canada Handling time Will usually ship within 1 business day of receiving cleared payment. Taxes Taxes may be applicable at checkout. Learn more Return policy Return policy details Seller does not offer returns. Refer to eBay Return policy for more details. You are covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee if you receive an item that is not as described in the listing. Payment details Payment methods Special financing available Select PayPal Credit at checkout to have the option to pay over time. Qualifying purchases could enjoy No Interest if paid in full in 6 months on purchases of $99 or more. Other offers may also be available. Interest will be charged to your account from the purchase date if the balance is not paid in full within 6 months. Minimum monthly payments are required. Subject to credit approval. See terms The PayPal Credit account is issued by Synchrony Bank. Ratings and Reviews Write a review 4.6 86 product ratings 5 5 Stars, 66 product ratings 66 4 4 Stars, 14 product ratings 14 3 3 Stars, 3 product ratings 3 2 2 Stars, 1 product rating 1 1 1 Stars, 2 product ratings 2 Good value Long battery life Small form factor Most relevant reviews See all 70 reviews by hoehleinr Jan 05, 2021 Top favorable review Happy with my new Galaxy A20 It came as described, in perfect new condition. Easy to set up and transfer apps/data from my prior Samsung phone. Nice size screen, very adequate battery life, and working just fine. As stated in many online reviews, a solid value for the price. X Previous image Next image Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: calana-786 (0) (0) by veesport Jun 25, 2020 Top critical review Good phone but... it would not setup with new att sim card. I had to take to att store and then it took them 2 hours to setup. It hard to say whose fault it is. The phone seem ok. nice and big for an old man like me. It is my first smart phone although I use a tablet everyday. I like the size and features but initial setup was a bear. someone with better knowledge of smart phones might of had it easier. One other thought I am a IT pro. X Previous image Next image Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ketanahir (2) (0) by luther2591 May 12, 2020 great phone great features, My server ??? Great phone for size and operation. But my internet server would not let me use it. Had to pay them more for a lesser model with less features. Check with our server, and if they will set it up for you? You can't go wrong. Also the people that sold it to me, were very nice and understanding. X Previous image Next image Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: ketanahir (2) (1) by espos_mary Jul 13, 2021 very good camera good size screen Very good phone good size screen awesome camera. I read a lot of reveiws before buying. Very happy with my new samsung phone. I had a old samsung phone needed to upgrade so glad i did X Previous image Next image Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: pre-owned | Sold by: times2sell (1) (0) by detho-9641 May 20, 2020 Too complicated I enjoy my purchase with the exception of installing so many apps and different passwords. I know and understand that its for safety and I agree with that but some apps force you to agree to gain access. I've had problems with the phone freezing twice but an overall great purchase. I have no photos solely because I can't take pictures of the only phone I have use of X Previous image Next image Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: pre-owned | Sold by: gmdeals_inc (0) (0) Why is this review inappropriate? It’s spam, or has links There are copyright or trademark issues It’s offensive or has profanity It includes feedback about the seller Something else Cancel We got your report We’ll take a look and remove the review if it doesn’t follow our guidelines. Back to home page | See More Details about "Samsung Galaxy A20 SM-A205U - 32 GB - Black (Unlocked)..." Return to top More to explore : Samsung Galaxy A20 Unlocked Cell Phones & Smartphones, Samsung 32GB Unlocked Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy A20 Black Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy A20 Cell Phones & Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy Note 3 32GB Unlocked Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy S8 Unlocked Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy S10 Unlocked Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy Note8 Unlocked Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy S10e Unlocked Smartphones, Samsung Galaxy S5 Unlocked Smartphones Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2021 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert
